---
layout: post
title: "Projects"
date:   2024-11-19 15:08:52 +0200
categories: jekyll update
---

## AI Side Projects
A transcription service tailored for students and journalists conducting qualitative analysis, featuring speaker diarization and accurate timestamps. The MVP is powered by OpenAI’s Whisper and hosted on Vercel, providing a seamless and efficient solution for converting interviews into structured text. 



---

**I am currentkly full time employed as a IT Consultant at MHP - A Porsche Company.**


## Autonomous Driving Program

**IT Consultant** | MHP - A Porsche Company.
Transformed an R&D program to adopt a more iterative, agile product development framework, significantly improving velocity and communication with suppliers.

---

## Monetization Software Development

**IT Consultant (Scrum Master & RTE)** | MHP - A Porsche Company. 
Enabled and supported development teams in building automotive monetization software, streamlining development processes, and improving collaboration.

---

## SAFe Training & Certifications

**SAFe Practice Consultant (SPC)** | MHP - A Porsche Company. 
Successfully certified 250+ individuals in SAFe methodology, with an average rating of 4.9/5 across 100+ feedbacks. Trainings are usually 2 full days with groups up to 20 people. 

---

## Digital Marketing Consultancy

**Digital Marketing Consultant** | Dr. Schulte-Ostermann Tax Firm, Eckernförde  
Created the first digital presence for a tax consultancy, optimizing Google My Business and social media strategies to enhance visibility and client acquisition.

---

## Student Brand Manager for Red Bull

**Marketing & Sales** | Red Bull Consumer Service GmbH, Braunschweig  
Combined marketing, sales, and extensive networking to engage with the student community and promote Red Bull’s brand through regional events.

---

## Teacher Assistant - Institute of Management

**Assistant** | TU Braunschweig. 
Supported seminars and lectures, assisting doctoral candidates in the “Introduction to Business Management” course, helping students grasp key business concepts.

---

## Event Management

**Event Organizer** | bonding Student Initiative e.V. 
Led the planning and execution of job fairs and student-focused events, connecting students with industry professionals.

---

## Communication & Soft Skill Trainings

**Trainer** | bonding Student Initiative e.V. 
Conducted training sessions on time management and communication, helping students develop crucial soft skills for their professional careers.

---

## Surf Instructor

**Instructor** | Nordwind Wassersport e.V.
Taught windsurfing courses to beginners and advanced learners, ensuring a safe and enjoyable learning experience during the summer months.

---

## School President

**President** | High School  
Recognized early the importance of active engagement, leading and representing the student body to create a positive school environment and implement initiatives.

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
